Do you know what really grinds my gears?! Malicious threat actors exploiting the tech vulnerabilities of the services and enterprises that we know, love, and trust!! This is where I come in… MEET…

# CyberOpsDave

## I am a Cybersecurity Specialist

When it comes to cybersecurity, I am incredibly passionate and excited while learning many new concepts and applying them to “real life’’.  I am most excited about my learning in cloud vulnerabilities and how to thwart them.  I feel that cloud storage and sharing are integral for everyone, both users and enterprises alike. This is especially true with more users owning and using multiple devices and more businesses letting their employees work remotely due to the pandemic and continuing into the new normal.  That being said, with so much data just “floating around,” I feel that the possibility of corruption and misuse is not only present in its current forms but always imminent into the future, in ever-changing ways.  Therefore, I am very excited in learning about the different existing vulnerabilities from data breaches and loss of data without a backup to various exploits, account hijacking, insecure APIs, and attacks like DDoS as well as cloud-based malware delivery. I am also learning the skills needed for the “penetration testing” of cloud-native data so that I can thwart the present unknown attacks of the future.  For people to feel safe with their data and fully enjoy the benefits of cloud computing, someone will be needed to be vigilant.  That someone is ME!

I am entirely new to the field of Information Technology. I have worked in corporate catering for most of my adult career, feeding people as they worked, and at office meetings.  I loved my job, the people I worked with, the people that I would interact with on-site, and the many different challenges that every day brought me.  Then the pandemic of Covid-19 hit, Boom, no more office lunch meetings. I enrolled in the Cybersecurity Bootcamp with the University of Richmond to aid in my career transition from my previous in Food Service to my future in Cybersecurity.  This Bootcamp has taught me the skills, from the basics to the more advanced, to break into this field. I also double-enrolled in a program through VCCS (Virginia Community College System) with AWS Acadamy to learn AWS cloud architecture. In these programs, I have learned the skills to begin a career-long learning path in current and future technologies. 

My goals are to, firstly, use these skills to gain an entry-level position in the IT/Cybersecurity/Cloud field. This is to be followed by securing a mid-level Cybersecurity management position within five years.  Lastly, my 20-year “dream goal” would be to own and operate a firm specializing in Cybersecurity Consulting and Penetration Testing.  Although I am new to Cybersecurity, already my mindset has changed from “Can I do it?” to “How can I do it?”!

## This is a repository showcasing the skills and expertise of my cybersecurity knowledge.
